Fix Sanitiser (#186)
awslabs/amazon-s3-find-and-forget: CHANGELOG.md

- [185](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-s3-find-and-forget/pull/185): Fix dead
  links to VPC info in docs

> - [186](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-s3-find-and-forget/pull/186): Fix
>   forget task log sanitiser to handle integer match IDs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [186](https://github.com/awslabs/amazon-s3-find-and-forget/pull/186): Fix:
  Solves an issue where the forget phase container could crash when redacting numeric Match IDs from its logs
```

I know this suggestion basically says the same thing, but I think it should be more accessible to operators who may not (want to) know all the internals and are just assessing if a bug affects them.

Author: good call
